org.apache.lucene.analysis.ASCIIFoldingFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ASCIIFoldingFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ASCIIFoldingFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ASCIIFoldingFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ASCIIFoldingFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer  org.apache.lucene.util.CloseableThreadLocal
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer  org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.analysis.BaseCharFilter$OffCorrectMap  org.apache.lucene.analysis.BaseCharFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.BaseCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.BaseCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.BaseCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.BaseCharFilter$OffCorrectMap
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CachingTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CachingTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$State
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CachingTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CachingTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CachingTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$1  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$CharArraySetIterator  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$UnmodifiableCharArraySet  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$UnmodifiableCharArraySet  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$CharArraySetIterator
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet$UnmodifiableCharArraySet
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharReader  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ISOLatin1AccentFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ISOLatin1AccentFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ISOLatin1AccentFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ISOLatin1AccentFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.ISOLatin1AccentFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.KeywordTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LengthFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LengthFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LengthFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LengthFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LetterTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LetterTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LetterTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.LetterTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.MappingCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.BaseCharFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.MappingCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.NormalizeCharMap
org.apache.lucene.analysis.MappingCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.MappingCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharReader
org.apache.lucene.analysis.MappingCharFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharacterCache
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NormalizeCharMap  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharacterCache
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.PerFieldAnalyzerWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.PerFieldAnalyzerWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.PorterStemFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.PorterStemFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.PorterStemmer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.PorterStemFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.PorterStemFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.PorterStemFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.SimpleAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.SimpleAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.SimpleAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.SimpleAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.SinkTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.SinkTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$1  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.util.Version
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$SavedStreams
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.WordlistLoader
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharArraySet
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Version
org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$State
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$SinkTokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$State
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeSinkTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.SinkTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TeeTokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.index.Payload
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$1  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$MethodSupport  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$TokenWrapperAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$TokenWrapperAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$TokenWrapperAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$TokenWrapperAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$TokenWrapperAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$TokenWrapperAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$MethodSupport
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.index.Payload
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream$TokenWrapperAttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenWrapper  org.apache.lucene.index.Payload
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharReader
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CharTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.WhitespaceTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$1  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$SavedStreams  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.util.Version
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$SavedStreams
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.LowerCaseFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopAnalyzer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.StopFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.WordlistLoader
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer$1
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardFilter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizerImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizerImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.Version
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizerImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Token
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizerImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizerImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardTokenizer
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttribute  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttribute  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttribute  org.apache.lucene.index.Payload
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.index.Payload
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttribute  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttribute
org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Store
org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Index
org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$TermVector
org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.document.CompressionTools  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.document.CompressionTools  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF16Result
org.apache.lucene.document.CompressionTools  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools$Resolution  org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools  org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools$Resolution
org.apache.lucene.document.Document$1  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.document.Document  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.document.Document  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.document.Document  org.apache.lucene.document.Document$1
org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Index  org.apache.lucene.util.Parameter
org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Index  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Store  org.apache.lucene.util.Parameter
org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Store  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.document.Field$TermVector  org.apache.lucene.util.Parameter
org.apache.lucene.document.Field$TermVector  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.document.Field  org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField
org.apache.lucene.document.Field  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.document.Field  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.document.Field  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Store
org.apache.lucene.document.Field  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Index
org.apache.lucene.document.Field  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$TermVector
org.apache.lucene.document.Field  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelectorResult
org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.document.LoadFirstFieldSelector  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.document.LoadFirstFieldSelector  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelectorResult
org.apache.lucene.document.MapFieldSelector  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.document.MapFieldSelector  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelectorResult
org.apache.lucene.document.NumericField  org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField
org.apache.lucene.document.NumericField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.NumericTokenStream
org.apache.lucene.document.NumericField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Store
org.apache.lucene.document.NumericField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.document.NumericField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.document.NumericField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Index
org.apache.lucene.document.NumericField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$TermVector
org.apache.lucene.document.SetBasedFieldSelector  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.document.SetBasedFieldSelector  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelectorResult
org.apache.lucene.index.AllTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.AllTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector
org.apache.lucene.index.AllTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.AllTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.AllTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes$Num  org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes
org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes  org.apache.lucene.index.MergeDocIDRemapper
org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes  org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes$Num
org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool$Allocator  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool$Allocator
org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.CharBlockPool  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$MySegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$MySegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$MySegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$MySegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$FieldNormStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$FieldNormStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$FieldNormStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermIndexStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$StoredFieldStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermVectorStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$StoredFieldStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$StoredFieldStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermIndexStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermIndexStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermVectorStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermVectorStatus  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$FieldNormStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$StoredFieldStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermIndexStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermVectorStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$SegmentInfoStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$FieldNormStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermIndexStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$MySegmentTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$StoredFieldStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex$Status$TermVectorStatus
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.index.CheckIndex  org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$CSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.BufferedIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$CSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$CSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$FileEntry  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$FileEntry  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$FileEntry
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader$CSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter$FileEntry  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter$1
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter$FileEntry  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter$FileEntry
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter$1
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread  org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.MergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeException
org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListReader  org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Ref
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$2  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$2  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$2  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$2  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$2  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeQueue
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$ReaderCommit  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$ReaderCommit  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$ReaderCommit  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$ReaderCommit  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$ReaderCommit  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$2
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$ReaderCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.KeepOnlyLastCommitDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlySegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.StaleReaderException
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.search.DefaultSimilarity
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumers$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumersPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread$SingleTokenTokenStream
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.ReusableStringReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread$SingleTokenTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread$SingleTokenTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread$SingleTokenTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread$SingleTokenTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread$SingleTokenTokenStream  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread$SingleTokenTokenStream
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.ReusableStringReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessorPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$IndexingChain
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$ByteBlockAllocator  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool$Allocator
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$ByteBlockAllocator  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$ByteBlockAllocator  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$ByteBlockAllocator  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$IndexingChain  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$IndexingChain  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$SkipDocWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$SkipDocWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$SkipDocWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$WaitQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$WaitQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$WaitQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$SkipDocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$WaitQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocFieldProcessor
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$IndexingChain
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$SkipDocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$ByteBlockAllocator
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$WaitQueue
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergeDocIDRemapper
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.BufferedDeletes$Num
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$1
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.Constants
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState  org.apache.lucene.index.DocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriterThreadState  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldSortedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldSortedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldSortedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorEntry
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$FieldForMerge  org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$FieldForMerge  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$FieldForMerge  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$FieldForMerge  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$FieldForMerge  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Store
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Index
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$TermVector
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldReaderException
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField  org.apache.lucene.util.CloseableThreadLocal
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.util.CloseableThreadLocal
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelectorResult
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.AbstractField
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Store
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$Index
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Field$TermVector
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.CompressionTools
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Field
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$FieldForMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$LazyField
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.document.CompressionTools
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader$FieldForMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FilterIndexReader$FilterTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNames
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNames
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsConsumer  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.CharBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter$PostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter$PostingList  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter$PostingList  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxFieldMergeState
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter$PostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttribute
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter$PostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.Payload
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FreqProxTermsWriterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommitPoint
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$CommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$CommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$CommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$CommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$CommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$RefCount  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$CommitPoint
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter$RefCount
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNameFilter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNameFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNames
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$MaxFieldLength
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.SerialMergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.StaleReaderException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexModifier  org.apache.lucene.index.MergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$1  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryOwningReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.index.StaleReaderException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$IndexReaderWarmer  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$IndexReaderWarmer  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$MaxFieldLength  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileDeleter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$ReaderPool
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$IndexReaderWarmer
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter$MaxFieldLength
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$IndexingChain
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.LogDocMergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeSpecification
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.KeepOnlyLastCommitDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.LogByteSizeMergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.Constants
org.apache.lucene.index.IntBlockPool  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.KeepOnlyLastCommitDeletionPolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.KeepOnlyLastCommitDeletionPolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.LogByteSizeMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.LogByteSizeMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.LogByteSizeMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.LogDocMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.LogDocMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.LogDocMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeSpecification
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.LogMergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.MergeDocIDRemapper  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.MergeDocIDRemapper  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.MergeDocIDRemapper  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.MergeDocIDRemapper  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeException  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeException  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeSpecification  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeSpecification  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeSpecification  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeSpecification
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeException
org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.MergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.MergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader$SkipBuffer  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader$SkipBuffer  org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader  org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader$SkipBuffer
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListReader  org.apache.lucene.store.BufferedIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiLevelSkipListWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader$MultiTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader  org.apache.lucene.search.DefaultSimilarity
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$1  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$IntQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$1
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$IntQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$TermPositionsQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$TermPositionsQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$TermPositionsQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$TermPositionsQueue
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$IntQueue
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions$1
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocEndConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.NormsWriterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelArrayTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelArrayTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelArrayTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelArrayTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermVector
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelArrayTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositionVector
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelectorResult
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelReader$ParallelTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.Payload  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.PositionBasedTermVectorMapper$TVPositionInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.PositionBasedTermVectorMapper$TVPositionInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.PositionBasedTermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.PositionBasedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.PositionBasedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.PositionBasedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.PositionBasedTermVectorMapper$TVPositionInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlyDirectoryReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlySegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlySegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.ReadOnlySegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNameFilter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNames
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo  org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$1  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$1  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$2  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$2  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$2  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$2  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$2  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNames
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.ChecksumIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.NoSuchDirectoryException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.ChecksumIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNames
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$1
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$2
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos$FindSegmentsFile
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfos  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$1  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$1  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$1  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$1  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$2  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$2  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$2  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$2  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$2  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$2  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$3  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$3  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$3  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelectorResult
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$CheckAbort
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeQueue
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMergeInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsTermsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsPositionsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsDocsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.FormatPostingsFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNames
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$MergeAbortedException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$1
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$2
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger$3
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Ref
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$FieldsReaderLocal  org.apache.lucene.util.CloseableThreadLocal
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$FieldsReaderLocal  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$FieldsReaderLocal  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$FieldsReaderLocal  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$FieldsReaderLocal  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Ref
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Ref  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.util.CloseableThreadLocal
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Ref
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader$FieldOption
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.AllTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentMerger
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$FieldsReaderLocal
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.search.DefaultSimilarity
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.DefaultSkipListReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermBuffer
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositionVector  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositionVector  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositionVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositionVector  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$CoreReaders
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermVector  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SerialMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.MergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.index.SerialMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.SerialMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy$OneMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.SerialMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.SerialMergeScheduler  org.apache.lucene.index.MergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy$MyCommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy$MyCommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy$MyCommitPoint  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexDeletionPolicy
org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommit
org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexCommitPoint
org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy  org.apache.lucene.index.SnapshotDeletionPolicy$MyCommitPoint
org.apache.lucene.index.SortedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.SortedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.SortedTermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorEntry
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriter$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.StoredFieldsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.Term  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.index.TermBuffer  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.TermBuffer  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF16Result
org.apache.lucene.index.TermBuffer  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.index.TermBuffer  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermBuffer  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.TermBuffer  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$1  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$ThreadResources  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$ThreadResources  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$ThreadResources  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$ThreadResources  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.util.CloseableThreadLocal
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$ThreadResources
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader$1
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleLRUCache
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF16Result
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositionVector  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositionVector  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorEntry  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorEntryFreqSortedComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorEntry
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelArrayTermVectorMapper
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentTermVector
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PostingList  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PostingList  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.OffsetAttribute
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.CharBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriter$PerDoc
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsTermsWriterPerThread  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositionVector
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorOffsetInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermVectorsWriter  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer  org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.CharBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.IntBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteSliceReader
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.document.Fieldable
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHash
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumerPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.CharBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.IntBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocState
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.RawPostingList
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerThread
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocInverterPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfo
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.InvertedDocConsumerPerField
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$DocWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.ByteBlockPool$Allocator
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.DocumentsWriter$ByteBlockAllocator
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerThread  org.apache.lucene.index.TermsHashPerField
org.apache.lucene.messages.MessageImpl  org.apache.lucene.messages.Message
org.apache.lucene.messages.MessageImpl  org.apache.lucene.messages.NLS
org.apache.lucene.messages.NLS  org.apache.lucene.messages.NLS$1
org.apache.lucene.messages.NLSException  org.apache.lucene.messages.Message
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.FastCharStream  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.util.Version
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.ParseException
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.MultiFieldQueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.ParseException  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.Token
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$1  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$JJCalls  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.Token
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$JJCalls  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$LookaheadSuccess  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$1
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$LookaheadSuccess  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$Operator  org.apache.lucene.util.Parameter
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$Operator  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParserConstants
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$Operator
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools$Resolution
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParserTokenManager
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.Token
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$JJCalls
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$LookaheadSuccess
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.util.Version
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.ParseException
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.TokenMgrError
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$TooManyClauses
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.analysis.CachingTokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttribute
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.analysis.SimpleAnalyzer
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.document.DateField
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.FastCharStream
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser$1
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParserTokenManager  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParserConstants
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParserTokenManager  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.CharStream
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParserTokenManager  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.Token
org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParserTokenManager  org.apache.lucene.queryParser.TokenMgrError
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur  org.apache.lucene.util.Parameter
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.SimilarityDelegator
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$TooManyClauses  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$BooleanWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery$TooManyClauses
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketTable
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$Bucket
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$Bucket  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketTable  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$Bucket
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketTable  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketTable  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketTable  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$SubScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$SubScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$SubScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$SubScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketTable
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$Bucket
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BucketScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer$BooleanScorerCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$1  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$1  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$Coordinator
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$2  org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$2  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$2  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$2  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$Coordinator
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$Coordinator  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$Coordinator  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$Coordinator  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$1
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$SingleMatchScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$SingleMatchScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$SingleMatchScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$SingleMatchScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$Coordinator
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$SingleMatchScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$Coordinator
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$1
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$2
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2$SingleMatchScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.ReqExclScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.ReqOptSumScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanScorer2  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingSpanFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingSpanFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingSpanFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingSpanFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet
org.apache.lucene.search.CachingWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSetDISI
org.apache.lucene.search.Collector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.Collector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer$1  org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.ConjunctionScorer$1
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery$ConstantWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.DefaultSimilarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.DefaultSimilarity  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery$DisjunctionMaxWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.util.ScorerDocQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper
org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1
org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1$1
org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet$1
org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhrasePositions
org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$DoubleParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$DoubleParser  org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$DoubleParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$LongParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$LongParser  org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$LongParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$10  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$10  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$10  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$10  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$10  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$10  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$7  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$8  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$8  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$8  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$8  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$8  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$8  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$9  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$9  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$9  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$9  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$9  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$9  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry  org.apache.lucene.util.RamUsageEstimator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CreationPlaceholder  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$10
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$11
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$2
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$3
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$4
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$5
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$6
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$7
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$8
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$9
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CreationPlaceholder
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CreationPlaceholder
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$Insanity
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CacheEntryImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CacheEntryImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CacheEntryImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.ExtendedFieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$AutoCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ByteCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CacheEntryImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$CustomCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$DoubleCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$FloatCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$IntCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$LongCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$ShortCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StopFillCacheException
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$StringIndexCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$2  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$2  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet$2
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$2
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$3
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$4
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$5
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$6
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$7
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheRangeFilter$FieldCacheDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheTermsFilter$FieldCacheTermsFilterDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ByteComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ByteComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ByteComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ByteComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ByteComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DocComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DocComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DoubleComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DoubleComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DoubleComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DoubleComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DoubleComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$FloatComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$FloatComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$FloatComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$FloatComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$FloatComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$IntComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$IntComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$IntComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$IntComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$IntComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$LongComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$LongComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$LongComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$LongComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$LongComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$RelevanceComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$RelevanceComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$RelevanceComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$RelevanceComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreCachingWrappingScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ShortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ShortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ShortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ShortComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ShortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringComparatorLocale  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringComparatorLocale  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringComparatorLocale  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringOrdValComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringOrdValComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringOrdValComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringOrdValComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringValComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringValComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringValComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ByteComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DoubleComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$FloatComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$IntComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$LongComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$RelevanceComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ShortComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringComparatorLocale
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringOrdValComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringValComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparatorSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDocSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDocSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDocSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparatorSource
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$2  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$2  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$3  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$3  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$4  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$4  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$5  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$5  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$6  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$6  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$7  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$7  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$8  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$8  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$8  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$8  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$9  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$9  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Cache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparatorSource
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCacheImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$2
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$3
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$4
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$5
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$6
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$7
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$8
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue$9
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$MultiComparatorsFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$MultiComparatorsFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$MultiComparatorsFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$MultiComparatorsFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$MultiComparatorsFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$OneComparatorFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$OneComparatorFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$OneComparatorFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$OneComparatorFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$OneComparatorFieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$MultiComparatorsFieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$OneComparatorFieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.Filter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.Filter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.Filter  org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterItem
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterItem  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterItem  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterCleaner
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager  org.apache.lucene.search.FilterManager$FilterItem
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTerm  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTerm  org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTermQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTermQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTerm
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTermQueue  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTermQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTerm
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery$ScoreTermQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.Hit  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.Hit  org.apache.lucene.search.Hits
org.apache.lucene.search.Hit  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.HitDoc  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.HitIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.Hits
org.apache.lucene.search.HitIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.Hit
org.apache.lucene.search.HitQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.HitQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.HitDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.HitIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher
org.apache.lucene.search.Hits  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.util.ReaderUtil
org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllDocsWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery$MatchAllScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MatchAllDocsQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.MultipleTermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery$MultiPhraseWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.HitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDocSortedHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$CachedDfSource
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher$1
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.util.ReaderUtil
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.HitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDocSortedHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.ConstantScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreAutoRewrite
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreBooleanQueryRewrite
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ConstantScoreFilterRewrite
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$ScoringBooleanQueryRewrite
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$2
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter$TermGenerator
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$1  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$LongRangeBuilder
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$1  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$1  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$1  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$2  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$IntRangeBuilder
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$2  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$2  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$2  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$1
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum$2
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$IntRangeBuilder
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$LongRangeBuilder
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery$NumericRangeTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcher
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.HitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiSearcherThread
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDocSortedHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher$1
org.apache.lucene.search.ParallelMultiSearcher  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.PhrasePositions  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ExactPhraseScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery$PhraseWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.PhrasePositions
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhrasePositions
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.PositiveScoresOnlyCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.PositiveScoresOnlyCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.PositiveScoresOnlyCollector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.PositiveScoresOnlyCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreCachingWrappingScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.PrefixTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.Query  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.Query  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.Query  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.Query  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.Query  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.Query  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Query  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause$Occur
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.CachingWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryTermVector  org.apache.lucene.index.TermFreqVector
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryTermVector  org.apache.lucene.analysis.Analyzer
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryTermVector  org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TermAttribute
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryTermVector  org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenStream
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryTermVector  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$2  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$1
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter$2
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.QueryWrapperFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.RangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery$RewriteMethod
org.apache.lucene.search.ReqExclScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ReqExclScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.ReqExclScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ReqExclScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.ReqOptSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ReqOptSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ReqOptSumScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreCachingWrappingScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreCachingWrappingScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreCachingWrappingScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreCachingWrappingScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator$1  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator$1  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator$2  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator$2  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator$1
org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator$2
org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.document.FieldSelector
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Searchable
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Hits
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.document.Document
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.index.CorruptIndexException
org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$1  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$2  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$2  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$2  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$3  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$3  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$3  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$4  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$4  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$4  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$MethodSupport  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$MethodSupport
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.DefaultSimilarity
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$1
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$2
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$3
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity$4
org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity  org.apache.lucene.util.SmallFloat
org.apache.lucene.search.SimilarityDelegator  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.SimilarityDelegator  org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInvertState
org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhrasePositions
org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.SloppyPhraseScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.Sort  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator$1  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator$1  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator$1  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparatorSource
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparator$1
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparatorSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparatorSource  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.SortComparatorSource
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$Parser
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparatorSource
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$DoubleParser
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$LongParser
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ByteComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DocComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$DoubleComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$FloatComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$IntComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$LongComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$RelevanceComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$ShortComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringComparatorLocale
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringOrdValComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator$StringValComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.SortField  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.Filter
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult$PositionInfo  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult$PositionInfo  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult$StartEnd
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult$StartEnd  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult$PositionInfo
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult$StartEnd
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.SpanQueryFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.SpanFilterResult$PositionInfo
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery$TermWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQueryWrapperFilter
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeFilter  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollectorWrapper
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.TermScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$1  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$TimeExceededException  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$TimeExceededException  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$TimerThread  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$TimerThread  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$TimerThread
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitedCollector$TimeExceededException
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$1  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$TimeExceededException  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$TimeExceededException  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$TimerThread  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$TimerThread  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$TimerThread
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TimeLimitingCollector$TimeExceededException
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.HitCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.HitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocsCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Collector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocsCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocsCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocsCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$1  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorNonScoringCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocsCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue$Entry
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldValueHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$MultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderMultiComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorNonScoringCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector$OutOfOrderOneComparatorScoringNoMaxScoreCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldComparator
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Sort
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldSortedHitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs  org.apache.lucene.search.SortField
org.apache.lucene.search.TopFieldDocs  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$1  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$InOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$InOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$InOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$InOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$InOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$OutOfOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$OutOfOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$OutOfOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$OutOfOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$OutOfOrderTopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocsCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.ScoreDoc
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$1
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.HitQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$InOrderTopScoreDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector$OutOfOrderTopScoreDocCollector
org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.Weight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.Weight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.Weight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.Weight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredTermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.WildcardTermEnum  org.apache.lucene.index.TermEnum
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ByteParser
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery$CustomWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.CustomScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery$Type  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery$Type
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ByteFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldScoreQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$FloatParser
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FloatFieldSource$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$IntParser
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.IntFieldSource$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource$MultiDocValues  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource$MultiDocValues  org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource$MultiDocValues  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource$MultiDocValues  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource$MultiDocValues  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource$MultiDocValues  org.apache.lucene.util.ReaderUtil
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.MultiValueSource$MultiDocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.OrdFieldSource$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$StringIndex
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ReverseOrdFieldSource$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.FieldCacheSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$ShortParser
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ShortFieldSource$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.DocValues
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermDocs
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSource
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery$ValueSourceWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.function.ValueSourceQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.AveragePayloadFunction  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.TermSpans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.AveragePayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery$BoostingTermWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.BoostingTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.MaxPayloadFunction  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.MinPayloadFunction  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.AveragePayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery$PayloadNearSpanWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanClause
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.MultiPhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.DisjunctionMaxQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.PhraseQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.TermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadSpanUtil  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.TermSpans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight$PayloadTermSpanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.TermSpans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery$PayloadTermWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.FieldMaskingSpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered$1
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$CellQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$CellQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$CellQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$SpansCell
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$CellQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$CellQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$SpansCell  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$SpansCell  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$SpansCell
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered$CellQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanFirstQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansOrdered
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.NearSpansUnordered
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNotQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$SpanQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$1  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$SpanQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.PriorityQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$SpanQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$SpanQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$1
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery$SpanQueue
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanOrQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.TermSpans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.util.ToStringUtils
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanTermQuery  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Weight
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Similarity
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation$IDFExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Searcher
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Query
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.Explanation
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.ComplexExplanation
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanScorer
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanWeight  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.TermSpans  org.apache.lucene.search.spans.Spans
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.TermSpans  org.apache.lucene.index.TermPositions
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.TermSpans  org.apache.lucene.index.Term
org.apache.lucene.store.BufferedIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.BufferedIndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.ChecksumIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.ChecksumIndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.Directory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.Directory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.Directory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.Directory  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.Directory  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNameFilter
org.apache.lucene.store.Directory  org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput$Descriptor  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput$Descriptor
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput$Descriptor  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput$Descriptor  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput$Descriptor  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput$Descriptor  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput$Descriptor
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFileNameFilter
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$1
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.NoLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.NoSuchDirectoryException
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.util.Constants
org.apache.lucene.store.FSLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.FileSwitchDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.store.FileSwitchDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.FileSwitchDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.FileSwitchDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.store.Lock$With  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.Lock$With  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.store.Lock  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.store.Lock  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock$With
org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.LockStressTest  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.store.LockStressTest  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.LockStressTest  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.LockStressTest  org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.LockStressTest  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.LockStressTest  org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$1  org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$MMapIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$MMapIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$MMapIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$1
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$MultiMMapIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$MultiMMapIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$1
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$MMapIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory$MultiMMapIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.MMapDirectory  org.apache.lucene.util.Constants
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory$NIOFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory$NIOFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory$NIOFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory$NIOFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory$NIOFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput$Descriptor
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory$NIOFSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLock  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLock  org.apache.lucene.store.LockReleaseFailedException
org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.NativeFSLock
org.apache.lucene.store.NoLock  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.NoLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.NoLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.NoLock
org.apache.lucene.store.NoLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMInputStream
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SingleInstanceLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMInputStream  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMInputStream  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMOutputStream  org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput$Descriptor  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput$Descriptor  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.BufferedIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput$Descriptor
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.BufferedIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexOutput  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexInput
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory$SimpleFSIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLock  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLock  org.apache.lucene.store.LockReleaseFailedException
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.FSLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSLock
org.apache.lucene.store.SingleInstanceLock  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.SingleInstanceLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.SingleInstanceLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.SingleInstanceLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.SingleInstanceLock
org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory$CheckedLock  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory$CheckedLock  org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory$CheckedLock  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.LockFactory
org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.Lock
org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory  org.apache.lucene.store.VerifyingLockFactory$CheckedLock
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$1  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$State
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$1  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$1  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory$DefaultAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory$DefaultAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory$DefaultAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$1
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory$DefaultAttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$1
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory$DefaultAttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$State  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$State  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$AttributeFactory
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$State
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource  org.apache.lucene.util.Attribute
org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource  org.apache.lucene.util.AttributeSource$1
org.apache.lucene.util.AverageGuessMemoryModel$1  org.apache.lucene.util.AverageGuessMemoryModel
org.apache.lucene.util.AverageGuessMemoryModel  org.apache.lucene.util.MemoryModel
org.apache.lucene.util.AverageGuessMemoryModel  org.apache.lucene.util.AverageGuessMemoryModel$1
org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector  org.apache.lucene.store.Directory
org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.util.BitVector  org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.util.Constants  org.apache.lucene.LucenePackage
org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet$DocIdBitSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet$DocIdBitSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet
org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet  org.apache.lucene.util.DocIdBitSet$DocIdBitSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$Insanity  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$InsanityType
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$Insanity  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$Insanity  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$Insanity  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$InsanityType  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$ReaderField  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.util.RamUsageEstimator
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$Insanity
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CacheEntry
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$ReaderField
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.util.MapOfSets
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.search.FieldCache$CreationPlaceholder
org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker  org.apache.lucene.util.FieldCacheSanityChecker$InsanityType
org.apache.lucene.util.IndexableBinaryStringTools$CodingCase  org.apache.lucene.util.IndexableBinaryStringTools
org.apache.lucene.util.IndexableBinaryStringTools  org.apache.lucene.util.IndexableBinaryStringTools$CodingCase
org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$IntRangeBuilder  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$LongRangeBuilder  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils
org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$LongRangeBuilder
org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils  org.apache.lucene.util.NumericUtils$IntRangeBuilder
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet  org.apache.lucene.util.ArrayUtil
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet  org.apache.lucene.util.BitUtil
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSetDISI  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSetDISI  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSetIterator  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.util.RamUsageEstimator  org.apache.lucene.util.MemoryModel
org.apache.lucene.util.RamUsageEstimator  org.apache.lucene.util.AverageGuessMemoryModel
org.apache.lucene.util.ReaderUtil  org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.util.ScorerDocQueue$HeapedScorerDoc  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.util.ScorerDocQueue$HeapedScorerDoc  org.apache.lucene.util.ScorerDocQueue
org.apache.lucene.util.ScorerDocQueue  org.apache.lucene.util.ScorerDocQueue$HeapedScorerDoc
org.apache.lucene.util.ScorerDocQueue  org.apache.lucene.search.Scorer
org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner$1  org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner
org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner$Entry  org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner$1
org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner$Entry  org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner
org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner  org.apache.lucene.util.StringInterner
org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner  org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner$Entry
org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner  org.apache.lucene.util.BitUtil
org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner  org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner$1
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList$1  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList$1  org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList$SortedVIntListBuilder  org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSet
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList  org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList$SortedVIntListBuilder
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList  org.apache.lucene.util.OpenBitSet
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList  org.apache.lucene.search.DocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList  org.apache.lucene.util.SortedVIntList$1
org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper  org.apache.lucene.util.StringInterner
org.apache.lucene.util.StringHelper  org.apache.lucene.util.SimpleStringInterner
org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF16Result  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil
org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF8Result
org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil  org.apache.lucene.util.UnicodeUtil$UTF16Result
org.apache.lucene.util.Version  org.apache.lucene.util.Parameter
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache$SynchronizedCache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache$SynchronizedCache
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleLRUCache$1  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleLRUCache
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleLRUCache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleMapCache
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleLRUCache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleLRUCache$1
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleMapCache$SynchronizedSimpleMapCache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleMapCache
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleMapCache$SynchronizedSimpleMapCache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleMapCache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.Cache
org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleMapCache  org.apache.lucene.util.cache.SimpleMapCache$SynchronizedSimpleMapCache
