org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$5  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$5  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$5  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRemoteException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport$Operation
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$ResetType  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.CannotDeleteCurrentBranchException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NotMergedException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Step  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Action
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Step  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Step  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Action  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Action  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.CheckoutConflictException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidMergeHeadsException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.WrongRepositoryStateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoMessageException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Operation
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.CanceledException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.DetachedHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidConfigurationException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRemoteException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRemoteException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.MultipleParentsNotAllowedException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$5  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$5  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$5  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$2
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$3
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$4
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$5
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$6
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$6  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$6  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$6  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand$SetupUpstreamMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.AmbiguousObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRefNameException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefAlreadyExistsException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Operation
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoWorkTreeException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Operation
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Step
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefAlreadyExistsException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRefNameException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Action
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.UnmergedPathsException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.WrongRepositoryStateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRemoteException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TagOpt
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$6  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$6  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$6  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CleanCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CleanCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CleanCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CleanCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CleanCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CleanCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand$ListMode  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$ResetType
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TagBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidTagNameException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Status  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoFilepatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoFilepatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnmergedPathException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$2
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoMessageException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.WrongRepositoryStateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeletePath
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.util.ChangeIdUtil
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger$MergeFailureReason
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk$ConflictState
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger$MergeFailureReason
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$ResetType
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand$2
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeletePath
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$2
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$3
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand$ListMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CloneCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.InitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.LogCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.PullCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.TagCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.PushCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RevertCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RmCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ResetCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.StatusCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RemoveNoteCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListNotesCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ShowNoteCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.LsRemoteCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CleanCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.BlameCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ReflogCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.DiffCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.CheckoutConflictException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidMergeHeadsException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoMessageException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.WrongRepositoryStateException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeMessageFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger$MergeFailureReason
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddNoteCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ListTagCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteTagCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.DeleteBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand$SetupUpstreamMode  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger$MergeFailureReason
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$2
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$3
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$4
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$5
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$6
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand$Operation  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ReflogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ReflogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ReflogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ReflogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ReflogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.ReflogCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRemoteException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$4  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$4  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$MergeStatus$4  org.eclipse.jgit.api.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$CherryPickStatus$3  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutResult$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CommitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.MultipleParentsNotAllowedException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeMessageFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CherryPickCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.DetachedHeadException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRefNameException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefAlreadyExistsException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RenameBranchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TagOpt
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRemoteException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.FetchCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand$SetupUpstreamMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.Git
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CreateBranchCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CheckoutConflictException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.AmbiguousObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand$2
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRefNameException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefAlreadyExistsException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.CheckoutCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.GitCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.JGitInternalException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoFilepatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.api.AddCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$4  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$4  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult
org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$Status$4  org.eclipse.jgit.api.RebaseResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRefNameException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidRemoteException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.CheckoutConflictException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.UnmergedPathsException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.UnmergedPathsException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoMessageException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefNotFoundException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidConfigurationException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.MultipleParentsNotAllowedException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.CanceledException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.DetachedHeadException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.DetachedHeadException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidMergeHeadsException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoHeadException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NotMergedException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NotMergedException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.ConcurrentRefUpdateException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.CannotDeleteCurrentBranchException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.RefAlreadyExistsException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.InvalidTagNameException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.WrongRepositoryStateException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.NoFilepatternException  org.eclipse.jgit.api.errors.GitAPIException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ConfigInvalidException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BlobBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Store  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Store  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Store  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TextProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$7  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$7  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$7  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Lock  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Lock  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RevisionSyntaxException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.AmbiguousObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoWorkTreeException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TagBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$5  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$5  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectSizeQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$2  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectSizeQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncOperation
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectSizeQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectSizeQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$2
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$3
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$4
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$5
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$6
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$7
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.EntryExistsException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ObjectWritingException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitlinkTreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymlinkTreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidObjectIdException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SubsectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SubsectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SubsectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SubsectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$State
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SubsectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Header  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Header  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Header  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Key
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Lock
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$8  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$8  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$8  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$StringReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$Filter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$State  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$State  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$6  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$6  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsByteArrayLimit
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsLimit
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$OutOfMemory
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader$SmallObject
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor$Task  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ConfigInvalidException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Header
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileTreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$2  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Store
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$2
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$9  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$9  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$9  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Store
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$7  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$7  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$NamesInSection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$NamesInSection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$NamesInSection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$NamesInSection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$CaseFoldingSet
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$NamesInSection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$State
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$NamesInSection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Key
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ConfigInvalidException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$10  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$10  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$10  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$3  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Store
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$2  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TagBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TagBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TagBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TagBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TagBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Key  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Key  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Key  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CommitBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff$ProgressReportingFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.SkipWorkTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.IndexDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$CaseFoldingSet  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$CaseFoldingSet  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$11  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$11  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$11  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$4  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$4  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$4  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader$SmallObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader$SmallObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader$SmallObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$SmallStream
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ThreadSafeProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor$Task
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor$2
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$12  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$12  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$12  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$5  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$5  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$5  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncOperation
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidObjectIdException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$10
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$11
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$12
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$2
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$3
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$4
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$5
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$6
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$7
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$8
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$9
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$Filter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$SmallStream
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$AutoCRLF
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$State
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$StringReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ConfigInvalidException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$CaseFoldingSet
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$NamesInSection
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SubsectionNames
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.UserConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$6  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$6  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$6  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryState$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidObjectIdException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$CaseFoldingSet
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$State
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionNames  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Tree
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitlinkTreeEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$4  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$4  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$AutoCRLF  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$SmallStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$SmallStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectSizeQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$1
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader$2
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.nls.NLS  org.eclipse.jgit.nls.TranslationBundle
org.eclipse.jgit.nls.NLS  org.eclipse.jgit.nls.NLS$1
org.eclipse.jgit.nls.NLS  org.eclipse.jgit.nls.GlobalBundleCache
org.eclipse.jgit.nls.NLS$1  org.eclipse.jgit.nls.NLS
org.eclipse.jgit.nls.TranslationBundle  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TranslationBundleLoadingException
org.eclipse.jgit.nls.TranslationBundle  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TranslationStringMissingException
org.eclipse.jgit.nls.GlobalBundleCache  org.eclipse.jgit.nls.TranslationBundle
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$Filter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$SupportedAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Subsequence  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Subsequence  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Subsequence  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex$TableFullException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$5  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$5  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$5  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$5  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$5  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$5  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharUtil
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig$RenameDetectionType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$FormatResult
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader$PatchType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsLimit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsByteArrayLimit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$OutOfMemory
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$SupportedAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.AmbiguousObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FollowFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotIgnoredFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex$TableFullException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.util.LongList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$SupportedAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SubsequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Subsequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$Filter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$FormatResult  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$FormatResult  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$FormatResult  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$FormatResult  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$ObjectReaderSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$ObjectReaderSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$ObjectReaderSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$ObjectReaderSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$ObjectReaderSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex$TableFullException
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityRenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$2
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$2
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$3
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$4
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$5
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$BackwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$BackwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$BackwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$BackwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$BackwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$ForwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$ForwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$ForwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$ForwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$ForwardEditPaths  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequencePair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequencePair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequencePair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequencePair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig$RenameDetectionType  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharUtil
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$BackwardEditPaths
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$EditPaths
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff$MiddleEdit$ForwardEditPaths
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$FileSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$ObjectReaderSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$Pair
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$WorkingTreeSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex$TableFullException  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SimilarityIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$2
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiffIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiffIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiffIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiffIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit$Type  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$3  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$3  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$3  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$3  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$3  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$3  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharUtil
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SubsequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Subsequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiffIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.PatchIdDiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.PatchIdDiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.PatchIdDiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.PatchIdDiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.PatchIdDiffFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.NullOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$SupportedAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$1
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff$State
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.MyersDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.ContentSource$1  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$Side
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SubsequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SubsequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Subsequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SubsequenceComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$2  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$2  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector$2  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequencePair
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HashedSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.LowLevelDiffAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$4  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$4  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$4  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$4  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$4  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator$4  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharUtil
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.MessageWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.MessageWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AutoKiller  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmState
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AutoKiller  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmState  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmState  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmState
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmThread
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AutoKiller
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.DisabledOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmThread  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmState
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer$AlarmThread  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawSubStringPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawSubStringPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawSubStringPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawSubStringPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS$Holder
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS$2
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX_Java5
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX_Java6
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32
org.eclipse.jgit.util.CachedAuthenticator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.CachedAuthenticator$CachedAuthentication
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS$2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin$2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin
org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin$2
org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap
org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.util.CachedAuthenticator$CachedAuthentication  org.eclipse.jgit.util.CachedAuthenticator
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$SetIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.util.ChangeIdUtil  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.util.ChangeIdUtil  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.util.ChangeIdUtil  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.util.ChangeIdUtil  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX_Java5  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX_Java5  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.HttpSupport  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$SetIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$SetIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$SetIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$Ent
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$SetIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$SetIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS$Holder  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX_Java6  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX_Java6  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$BlockInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$BlockInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$Ent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$Ent  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$Ent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$Ent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$Builder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$Builder  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$Builder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneUserPathStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneUserPathStyle  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneUserPathStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Block  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_POSIX  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$Ent
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap$SetIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$BlockInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile
org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList$MyIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList$MyIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$Builder
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RelativeDateFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList  org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList$1
org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList  org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList$MyIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker
org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS_Win32_Cygwin
org.eclipse.jgit.util.Base64  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader$1$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$IteratorState  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$IteratorState  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$IteratorState  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$IteratorState  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator$FileEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$PerDirectoryIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$PerDirectoryIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$PerDirectoryIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator$FileEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator$FileEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator$FileEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator$FileEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator$FileEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$MetadataDiff  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$IteratorState
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$MetadataDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode$MatchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$AutoCRLF
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$2
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$PerDirectoryIgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.EolCanonicalizingInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$PerDirectoryIgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$RootIgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$AutoCRLF
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode$MatchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig$AutoCRLF
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$2  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator$MetadataDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AllFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AllFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AllFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AnyDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AnyDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AnyDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.IndexDiffFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$Binary
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$List
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AllFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$AnyDiffFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.SkipWorkTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.SkipWorkTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.SkipWorkTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.SkipWorkTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.SkipWorkTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Single  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Single  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Single  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Single  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Single  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Single  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$Binary
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$List
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathSuffixFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathSuffixFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathSuffixFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathSuffixFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathSuffixFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathSuffixFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.OrTreeFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotIgnoredFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotIgnoredFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotIgnoredFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotIgnoredFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotIgnoredFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotIgnoredFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.NotTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.AndTreeFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group$1  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$1
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Group
org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilterGroup$Single
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPackMayNotContinueException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TagOpt  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.StreamCopyThread
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.MessageWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.MessageWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.StreamCopyThread
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Connection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DefaultSshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DefaultSshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig$Host
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DefaultSshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn$AckNackResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Connection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.util.HttpSupport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UsernamePasswordCredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UsernamePasswordCredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UsernamePasswordCredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UsernamePasswordCredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnsupportedCredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UsernamePasswordCredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Password
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UsernamePasswordCredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Username
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$5  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$CancelledException  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$CancelledException  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$Reporter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DefaultSshSessionFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate$Status  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport$Operation  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$ServiceConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPackMayNotContinueException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.MessageWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.StreamCopyThread
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$ForkLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandProgressMonitor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn$AckNackResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$6  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$6  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$6  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$6  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$6  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.DisabledOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TagOpt
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport$Operation
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$Reporter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TcpTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundle
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Connection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$BourneStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.StreamCopyThread
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchHeadRecord
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TagOpt
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.StreamCopyThread
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.MessageWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$SshPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.LongMap$Node  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.LongMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$ObjectEncryptionV2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser$PacketLineOutRefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser$PacketLineOutRefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpExecuteStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.util.HttpSupport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.StreamCopyThread
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PostReceiveHook
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$Reporter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnpackException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevSort
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser$PacketLineOutRefAdvertiser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingBundlePrerequisiteException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig$Host  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.DisabledOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$MultiAck  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig$Host
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidPatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Type  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundle
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$CharArrayType  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushProcess  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$UnresolvedDelta  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpExecuteStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpExecuteStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$Digest  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$Digest  org.eclipse.jgit.util.Base64
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OperationResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchHeadRecord
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchProcess
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Password  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$CharArrayType
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Password  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Password  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$YesNoType  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$Source  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand$Result  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession$JschProcess
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TcpTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TcpTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TcpTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$MultiAck
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OperationResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Username  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$StringType
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Username  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Username  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$None  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$None  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaChain  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaChain  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$UnresolvedDelta
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaChain  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaChain  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaChain  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$ExtSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitSsh$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection$RemotePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CompoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase$FileStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Connection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BaseConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$ServiceConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransferConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BundleWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$ReceiveConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Username
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Password
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$Basic
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$Digest
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$None
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OpenSshConfig$Host
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschConfigSessionFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$ListParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$ListParser  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$ListParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.HttpSupport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$ListParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport$Operation
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$InflaterStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$Source
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$InflaterStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$InflaterStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$InflaterStream  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$InflaterStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.InflaterCache
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TagOpt
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$SftpObjectDB
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.JschSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$CharArrayType
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$InformationalMessage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Password
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$StringType
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Username
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$YesNoType
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TcpTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshSessionFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteSession
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SshTransport  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$ServiceConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService$ServiceConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$StringType
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$Password
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$YesNoType
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProviderUserInfo  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$InformationalMessage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$InflaterStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectChecker
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdSubclassMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaChain
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.LongMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$UnresolvedDelta
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaVisit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$ObjectTypeAndSize
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$Source
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BinaryDelta
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate$Status
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RemoteRefUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.InterruptTimer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreUploadHook
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$MultiAck
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPackLogger
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TimeoutOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPackMayNotContinueException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser$PacketLineOutRefAdvertiser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPackInternalServerErrorException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$InternalLocalFetchConnection$2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$NoEncryption
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$ObjectEncryptionV2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$StringType  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundleFile
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportLocal$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPackLogger  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPackLogger  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchHeadRecord  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchHeadRecord  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$Source
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem$InformationalMessage  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefSpec  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser$PacketLineOutRefAdvertiser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefAdvertiser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$NoEncryption  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$NoEncryption  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportGitAnon$TcpPushConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnsupportedCredentialItem
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$Basic  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$Basic  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$Basic  org.eclipse.jgit.util.Base64
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.RefFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service$HttpOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.LongMap  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.LongMap$Node
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn$AckNackResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$DatabaseS3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportAmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.HttpAuthMethod
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$HttpObjectDB
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$DummyX509TrustManager
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$Service
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$SmartHttpPushConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.util.HttpSupport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.CredentialsProvider
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkRemoteObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaVisit  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$UnresolvedDelta
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaVisit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$DeltaVisit  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportSftp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.FetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$MultiAck
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineOut
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$FetchConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$CancelledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn$AckNackResult
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevSort
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PacketLineIn
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.SideBandInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TagOpt
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$ObjectTypeAndSize  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack$Reporter  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonService
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.DaemonClient
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$3
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$4
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$5
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Daemon$6
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceiveCommand
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PreReceiveHook$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.BasePackFetchConnection$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportBundle  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackTransport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$DummyX509TrustManager  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp$DummyX509TrustManager  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportHttp
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$ListParser
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.WalkEncryption$ObjectEncryptionV2
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.util.Base64
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.util.HttpSupport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.AmazonS3  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OperationResult  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OperationResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.OperationResult  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TrackingRefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$URIishField
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.Transport
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NotSupportedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.TransportProtocol$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Key
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.FileResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.UploadPack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.UploadPackFactory$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver$1
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.RepositoryResolver  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotAuthorizedException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.ReceivePack
org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ReceivePackFactory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.resolver.ServiceNotEnabledException
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.AbstractPlotRenderer  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.AbstractPlotRenderer  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotLane
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.AbstractPlotRenderer  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.AbstractPlotRenderer  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.AbstractPlotRenderer  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevSort
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk$PlotRefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotLane
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotLane
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.revplot.PlotCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag$StaticRevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.TopoSortGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.TopoSortGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.TopoSortGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.TopoSortGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.TopoSortGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.TopoSortGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FollowFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.EndGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.EndGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$BlockFreeList
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue$AlwaysEmptyQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevSort
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RevWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$3
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue$AlwaysEmptyQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue$AlwaysEmptyQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue$AlwaysEmptyQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FooterLine  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FooterKey
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FooterLine  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue$BlockFreeList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue$BlockFreeList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncOperation
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$BlockFreeList
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FooterKey  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectLoaderQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue$BlockFreeList
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$Block  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$Block  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$3  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$3  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$3  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$3  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk$3  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RevWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$RevWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$Commit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FooterLine
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FooterKey
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommitList  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FixUninterestingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FixUninterestingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FixUninterestingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FixUninterestingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FollowFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FollowFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FollowFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FollowFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FollowFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DelayRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DelayRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DelayRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DelayRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DelayRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue$Block  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue$Block  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag$StaticRevFlag  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag$StaticRevFlag  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag$StaticRevFlag  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.MergeBaseGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DateRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DelayRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FixUninterestingGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.PendingGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevSort
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteTreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.TopoSortGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.StartGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockObjQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk$TreeVisit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevSort
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevBlob
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AbstractRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.LIFORevQueue  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$BlockFreeList
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk$TreeVisit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk$TreeVisit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk$TreeVisit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.FIFORevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BoundaryGenerator$InitialGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList$Block  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObjectList
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$BlockFreeList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$Block
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue$BlockFreeList  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.Generator
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.BlockRevQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RewriteGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$PatternSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$SubStringSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$PatternSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$SubStringSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawSubStringPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$Binary  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoneFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoneFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoneFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoneFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$List  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoMergesFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoMergesFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoMergesFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoMergesFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$PatternSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$SubStringSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Before
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$Between
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$Binary
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.OrRevFilter$List
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitTimeRevFilter$After  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.MessageRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$Binary
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AndRevFilter$List
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StopWalkException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.NotRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$AllFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$MergeBaseFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoMergesFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$NoneFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.NotRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.NotRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.NotRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.NotRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.NotRevFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.SubStringRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter$SubStringSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.AuthorRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.PatternMatchRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.CommitterRevFilter$PatternSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawCharSequence
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$AllFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$AllFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$AllFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$AllFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAny
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$MergeBaseFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$MergeBaseFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$MergeBaseFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$MergeBaseFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter$MergeBaseFilter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFlagFilter$HasAll  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk$ReverseCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$ReverseCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$ReverseCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk$ReverseCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$ReverseCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$ReverseCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$ReverseCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RenameDetector
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$BlobCandidate
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk$ReverseCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$ReverseCandidate
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameResult
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Region
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Region
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$BlobCandidate
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$ReverseCandidate
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk$ReverseCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk$ReverseCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk$ReverseCommit  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.ReverseWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameResult  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameResult  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameResult  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameResult  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.BlameGenerator
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$BlobCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$BlobCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$BlobCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$BlobCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.blame.Candidate$BlobCandidate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided$OneSide
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk$ConflictState  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided$OneSide  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided$OneSide  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided$OneSide  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided$OneSide  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided$OneSide  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnmergedPathException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyOneSided
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyResolve
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult$1  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult$1  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult$1  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk$ConflictState
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.filter.RevFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger$MergeFailureReason
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm$SupportedAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawTextComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IndexWriteException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoWorkTreeException
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk$ConflictState
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.RawText
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk$ConflictState
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IntList
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk$ConflictState
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult$1
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger$MergeFailureReason  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyResolve  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyResolve  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyResolve  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyResolve  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategyResolve  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ResolveMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffAlgorithm
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Sequence
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.SequenceComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeResult
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.HistogramDiff
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeAlgorithm  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeChunk$ConflictState
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeMessageFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeMessageFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeMessageFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeMessageFormatter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.StringUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.StrategySimpleTwoWayInCore$InCoreMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NotesMergeConflictException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.UnionInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.MergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMap
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.Merger
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.DefaultNoteMerger
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NotesMergeConflictException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteMapMerger  org.eclipse.jgit.merge.ThreeWayMergeStrategy
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket$1
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NotesMergeConflictException  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NotesMergeConflictException  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NotesMergeConflictException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NotesMergeConflictException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.Note
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter$Formatter
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$1
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket$LazyNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NonNoteEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.InMemoryNoteBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.LeafBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.notes.FanoutBucket
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.notes.NoteParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$OldImage
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.Edit
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$1
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$CombinedOldImage
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader$PatchType
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError$Severity
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader$PatchType  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$CombinedOldImage  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$OldImage
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$CombinedOldImage  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$1
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$CombinedOldImage  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$CombinedOldImage  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$CombinedOldImage
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedFileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$OldImage
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader$1
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.CombinedHunkHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$OldImage  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$OldImage  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError$Severity
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$OldImage
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader$1  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError$Severity  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FormatError
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk$Type
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader$PatchType
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.HunkHeader
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.EditList
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.diff.DiffEntry$ChangeType
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.Patch
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.FileHeader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk$Type  org.eclipse.jgit.patch.BinaryHunk
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeletePath  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeletePath  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeletePath  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeletePath  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.NameConflictTreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.WorkingTreeOptions
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CheckoutConflictException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IndexWriteException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.FileTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.PathFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheCheckout  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.filter.TreeFilter
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.BaseDirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.BaseDirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.TreeFormatter
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree$1
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnmergedPathException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeleteTree  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeleteTree  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeleteTree  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeleteTree  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.BaseDirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.TreeWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache$1
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnmergedPathException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$LocalFile
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheBuildIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.AbstractTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.EmptyTreeIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.BaseDirCacheEditor
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$PathEdit
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCache
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$1
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeletePath
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEditor$DeleteTree
org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree$1  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheTree
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Lock  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Lock  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$EntriesIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$EntriesIterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$EntriesIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation$Delta  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation$Delta  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CheckoutEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile$2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository$1  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository$1  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository$1  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$UnpackedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$UnpackedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$UnpackedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$UnpackedObjectId  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Ref  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Ref  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Ref  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackInputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Slot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCacheConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$PackedRefList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ObjectWritingException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsByteArrayLimit
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.util.MutableInteger
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.InflaterCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader$SmallObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateHandle  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateHandle  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache$Table  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache$Table  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache$Table  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Entry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackReverseIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.util.LongList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StoredObjectRepresentationNotAvailableException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteArrayWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$Delta
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackInvalidException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackMismatchException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader$SmallObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteBufferWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BinaryDelta
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Lock
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCacheConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteArrayWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ConfigInvalidException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseSymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseSymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseSymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseSymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseSymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseSymbolicRef  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$Builder
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache$Table
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$Filter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepositoryBuilder  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$CachedPackList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$CachedPackList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$CachedPackList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$CachedPackList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation$Delta
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ObjectWritingException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$UnpackedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogReader  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogReader  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogReader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogReader  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BaseRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.ConfigInvalidException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepositoryBuilder
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.util.SystemReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.GitIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteBufferWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteBufferWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteBufferWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$PackedRefList  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$PackedRefList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$PackedRefList  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$PackedRefList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteArrayWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteArrayWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteArrayWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV1  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV1  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CheckoutEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ReflogEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2$EntriesIteratorV2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile$2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackReverseIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackReverseIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackReverseIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackReverseIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackReverseIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$EntriesIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1$IndexV1Iterator  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV2  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriterV2  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$MutableEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex$EntriesIterator
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexV2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$Filter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedWholeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteArrayWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StoredObjectRepresentationNotAvailableException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.InflaterCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$Delta  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$Delta  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$Delta  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$Delta  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile$Delta  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$PackList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$PackList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$PackList  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream$Filter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$LargeObject  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.InflaterCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$PackedRefList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseScanner
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefList$Builder
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseSymbolicRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$PeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefComparator
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.SymbolicRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileBasedConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RefMap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefRename
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.PersonIdent
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryRename  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Slot  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Slot  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Slot  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache$Slot  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.DeltaBaseCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackLock
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$UnresolvedDelta
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$Source
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackParser$ObjectTypeAndSize
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.CoreConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryPackParser  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject$2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BinaryDelta
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.util.io.TeeInputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LargePackedDeltaObject  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef$Unpeeled
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdRef
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseNonTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LooseUnpeeled  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory$LoosePeeledTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ByteWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$PackList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory$CachedPackList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObjectCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectoryInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCursor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackMismatchException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$InsertLooseObjectResult
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$FileKey
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectInserter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RepositoryCache$Key
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.CachedObjectDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileObjectDatabase$AlternateRepository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LocalCachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.UnpackedObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FileUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.ObjectDirectory  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WindowCacheConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.LockFile
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefUpdate$Result
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.WriteConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.RefDatabase
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config$SectionParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Ref$Storage
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.FileSnapshot
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.RefDirectoryUpdate  org.eclipse.jgit.util.FS
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StoredObjectRepresentationNotAvailableException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BinaryDelta  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BinaryDelta  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BinaryDelta  org.eclipse.jgit.util.QuotedString$GitPathStyle
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BinaryDelta  org.eclipse.jgit.util.RawParseUtils
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow$ZipStream  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.BlockList
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectReuseAsIs
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics$ObjectType
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.file.PackIndexWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AsyncObjectSizeQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ThreadSafeProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StoredObjectRepresentationNotAvailableException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache$Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk$ObjectWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevCommit
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlag
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevFlagSet
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.AsyncRevObjectQueue
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.BatchingProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.NullProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevSort
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$1
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$2
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ThreadSafeDeltaCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.DepthWalk
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindowEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer$Heap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow$ZipStream
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$OutOfMemory
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache$Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.util.TemporaryBuffer
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ThreadSafeDeltaCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ThreadSafeDeltaCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ThreadSafeDeltaCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ThreadSafeDeltaCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache$Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Config
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.StoredConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.PackedObjectInfo
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache$Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevObject
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics$ObjectType
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics$ObjectType  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics$ObjectType  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$Statistics
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$1  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaStream  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.IO
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ThreadSafeProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindow
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaTask
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$2  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter$2  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindowEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaWindowEntry  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackConfig
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache$Ref
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.CachedPack  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.StoredObjectRepresentation
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache$Ref  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaCache
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectReader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.IntSet
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch$TreeWithData
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.treewalk.CanonicalTreeParser
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.MutableObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.revwalk.RevTree
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectLoader
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.FileMode
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ProgressMonitor
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackWriter
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.PackOutputStream  org.eclipse.jgit.util.NB
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndexScanner
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndex  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaEncoder
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch$TreeWithData  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap$Entry
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch$TreeWithData  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch$TreeWithData  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectIdOwnerMap
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch$TreeWithData  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.BaseSearch
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaEncoder  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndexScanner  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.DeltaIndex
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterRange  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterRange  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$DigitPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$DigitPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.Head
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.CharacterHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidPatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoClosingBracketException
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.LastHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.RestrictedWildCardHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.WildCardHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.RestrictedWildCardHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$PunctPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$PunctPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidPatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterRange
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$DigitPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$LetterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$LowerPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$OneCharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$PunctPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$UpperPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$WhitespacePattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$LowerPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$LowerPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$WhitespacePattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$WhitespacePattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$UpperPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$UpperPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$LetterPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$LetterPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.LastHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.Head
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.LastHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.CharacterHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.WildCardHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$OneCharacterPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$CharacterPattern
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead$OneCharacterPattern  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.GroupHead
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.Head
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.AbstractHead  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CompoundException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RepositoryNotFoundException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnmergedPathException  org.eclipse.jgit.dircache.DirCacheEntry
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnmergedPathException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CheckoutConflictException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TranslationBundleLoadingException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TranslationBundleException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsByteArrayLimit  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsByteArrayLimit  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TranslationStringMissingException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TranslationBundleException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoClosingBracketException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidPatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoClosingBracketException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoRemoteRepositoryException  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingBundlePrerequisiteException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingBundlePrerequisiteException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingBundlePrerequisiteException  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingBundlePrerequisiteException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.StoredObjectRepresentationNotAvailableException  org.eclipse.jgit.storage.pack.ObjectToPack
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.EntryExistsException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.NoWorkTreeException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsLimit  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsLimit  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidObjectIdException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IncorrectObjectTypeException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnpackException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.UnsupportedCredentialItem  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RemoteRepositoryException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RemoteRepositoryException  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.RevWalkException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsByteArrayLimit
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$ExceedsLimit
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$OutOfMemory
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.TransportException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackProtocolException  org.eclipse.jgit.transport.URIish
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.MissingObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AnyObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.CorruptObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.IndexWriteException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$OutOfMemory  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.LargeObjectException$OutOfMemory  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.AmbiguousObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.AbbreviatedObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.AmbiguousObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.ObjectId
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.AmbiguousObjectException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.errors.PackInvalidException  org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedListener  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedListener  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedListener  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedListener  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedListener  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedListener  org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerHandle
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList  org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ConfigChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerHandle  org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerList
org.eclipse.jgit.events.ListenerHandle  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Repository
org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.RefsChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryEvent
org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedListener
org.eclipse.jgit.events.IndexChangedEvent  org.eclipse.jgit.events.RepositoryListener
org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreRule  org.eclipse.jgit.fnmatch.FileNameMatcher
org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreRule  org.eclipse.jgit.errors.InvalidPatternException
org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode$MatchResult  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode
org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreRule
org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode$MatchResult
org.eclipse.jgit.ignore.IgnoreNode  org.eclipse.jgit.lib.Constants
org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText  org.eclipse.jgit.nls.TranslationBundle
org.eclipse.jgit.JGitText  org.eclipse.jgit.nls.NLS
