net.sourceforge.javaocr.main  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.MainFrame
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ConfigPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterExtractor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSpec
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandWritingFormProcessor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.LineExtractor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterTracer
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.TracerFrame
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImageLoader
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.CharacterRange
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.MainFrame  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.MainFrame  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.MainFrame  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRTabPane
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRMenuBar$2
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRTabPane  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRTabPane  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRTabPane  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRTabPane  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRTabPane  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRTabPane  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandwritingRecognizer
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel$3  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel$2
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterExtractor.CharExtractionPanel$3
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.CharacterTracerPanel$2
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.TracerFrame  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.characterTracer.ImagePanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ConfigPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandWritingFormProcessor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandWritingFormProcessor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandWritingFormProcessor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ConfigPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandWritingFormProcessor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandwritingRecognizer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandwritingRecognizer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandwritingRecognizer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ConfigPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandwritingRecognizer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRDisplay
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.HandWritingFormProcessor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.ProcessPanel$2
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.handwritingRecognizer.TrainingPanel$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel$3  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel$2
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.lineExtractor.LineExtractionPanel$3
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$3  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$3  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.OCRDisplay
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$3  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$3  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.GUIController
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$2
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.MeanSquareAnalyzer$3
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector$1  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector$2  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSpec
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.CharacterRange
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector$1
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector  net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSelector$2
net.sourceforge.javaocr.gui.meanSquareOCR.TrainingImageSpec  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.CharacterRange
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterTracer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterTracer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterTracer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.CharacterTracer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.LineExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.LineExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.LineExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.LineExtractor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyProvider
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.CharacterRatio
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRIdentification
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRComp
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.CandidateOCRChoice  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRIdentification
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRIdentification
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.ResultAnalyzer
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.aspectRatio.AspectRatioOCR
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRComp
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.HandwritingOCR  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.CharacterRange
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.ResultAnalyzer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRIdentification
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.ResultAnalyzer  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.handWriting.CandidateOCRChoice
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyProvider
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.CharacterRange
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRIdentification
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.OCRScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRComp
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImage  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImageLoader  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImageLoader  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImageLoader  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImageLoader  net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.CharacterRange
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImageLoader  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.ocrPlugins.mseOCR.TrainingImageLoader  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScanner  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.DocumentScannerListenerAdaptor  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.PixelImage
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyListener  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRIdentification
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyProvider  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.AccuracyListener
net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRIdentification  net.sourceforge.javaocr.scanner.accuracy.OCRComp
